auto-update-channel = tip
scrollback-limit = 104857600

theme = GruvboxDarkHard
font-family = "Maple Mono NF"
font-feature = zero ss01 cv11
font-size = 12.667
bold-is-bright = true
adjust-underline-position = 3
adjust-underline-thickness = 2

mouse-scroll-multiplier = 2.0
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
focus-follows-mouse = true

shell-integration-features = no-cursor
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = true
cursor-opacity = 0.8

window-padding-x = 1
window-padding-y = 1
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-color = extend


clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true

macos-titlebar-style = tabs
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-ghost-color = 44EB44
macos-icon-screen-color = 000000

keybind = ctrl+h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+l=goto_split:right
keybind = ctrl+shift+w=close_surface
